
---- Statistics ----------------------------------------------
Task1  mean=37.0, median=40.0
Task2  mean=35.5, median=42.5
All    mean=72.5, median=80.0

---- General comments -----------------------------------------

Task 1.1
Most of the students were able to calculate the correct S/R matrices, only small number of students had a problem of the normalisation term and caused either S or R fails, and the another is pass

Task 1.2
Most of the students were able to draw a graph to represent the correlation of the features
Some students failed to identify the positively/negatively correlation pairs, where they only mentioned the features are correlated.
Few students only explained what is correlation, but failed to point out the correlated pairs

Task 1.3
Number of students had problem of calculating EVecs, but they correctly produced EVals.
Few students had problems of understanding the concept of CumVar, and this leads to the wrong calculation of both CumVar and MiniDims
Overall, most of the students had clear concepts in this part.

# Graph
Students were able to produce a clear graph to show the cumulative variance
Students were able to produce a clear graph to show the features after PCA, but some students did not put the legend of the graph, or just use a number to represent different classes and this is considered as unclearly presented.

Task 1.4
Less than 20% of the students submitted the code with minor calculation problems
More than 50% of the students showed the understanding of the concept for PMap, Ms, Covs, CM, but they coded wrongly
Some students had problems of running the entire code due to the loading 'dest' file
About 20% of the students had the problem of naming the Mat file.

#Graph
Almost all the students were able to show the accuracy with different CovKind, only few students show relatively low accuracy, or did not finish coding.

Task 1.5
Most of the students showed how the different values of the epsilon affects the accuracy, but they failed to explain what happens and why the epsilon can not be the value of zero.

Task 2.1
There are generally three kinds of mistakes:
1. Dimension mismatch in multiplication. Please check the transpose of
matrix to make sure that the dimensions are matched.
2. Forget to attach the bias term or attach it in a wrong order.
3. Using operations for each element in the matrix rather than using matrix
operations directly.

Task 2.2
Other than the common mistakes in Task 2.1, some students wrongly implement
the sigmoid function. For example, some students forgot the negative sign in
the equation.

Task 2.3
Generally speaking, the weights in the first layer should determine the
relationship between the point and the four sides of the polygon. Then the
following layers act as logic gates, which concludes the classification
result.
The report should better give a figure of the neural network structure,
explain how each layer functions and how to calculate the weight in each
layer. 
Common mistakes are:
1. Forget to normalize each weight.
2. The second layer does not give proper logical decisions.
3. The calculation of the first layer weights is incorrect.

Task 2.4
Students should use neurons instead of if-else statement when implementing
the function. That is, one should directly call existing functions written
in previous tasks.

Task 2.5
No extra comments

Task 2.6
Similar to Task 2.3, but the design of the logic gates layers is more
complex.
Common mistakes are:
1. Using operations for each element in the matrix rather than using matrix
operations directly.
2. The calculation of weights is incorrect.
3. Use if-else statements rather than neurons to implement the function.

Task 2.7
No extra comments

Task 2.8
Similar to Task 2.6, but the two differences are:
1. replace the activation function as the sigmoid function.
2. multiply a large constant to approximate the decision boundary.

Task 2.9
No extra comments


Task 2.10
The report should include the following:
Discuss the influence of sigmoid functions. What difference will be
introduced when replacing the activation function as the sigmoid function.
Talk about the reason for exaggerating the weights by multiplying a large
constant. How the boundary looks like under different settings. It would be
better to use a figure for illustration. 

